Fix logging tiny bug (#14910)
nim-lang/Nim: changelog.md

- deprecations: `os.existsDir` => `dirExists`, `os.existsFile` => `fileExists`

- Add `jsre` module, [Regular Expressions for the JavaScript target.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions)

> - Changed `maxLines` to `Positive` on `logging.newRollingFileLogger`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made `maxLines` argument `Positive` in `logging.newRollingFileLogger`,
```

>   because negative values cause 1 new file per line of log, and make no sense whatsoever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  because negative values will result in 1 new file being created for each logged line which doesn't make sense.
```

> - Changed `log` on `logging` to use proper log level on JavaScript target,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `log` in `logging` to use proper log level on JavaScript target,
```
